docs/to_do_list.md, before:

# UnrealAutoMod To-Do List


## Current To Do:
create plugin command
remove plugin command
enable plugin command
disabled plugin command
add module to uplugin, uproject
remove modules from uplugin or uproject
add plugin to uproject, uplugin
remove plugins from uproject, uplugin

- [ ] generic file list/cleanup tree commands


## To Do: 
- [ ] custom auto script
- [ ] generic json editor command
- [ ] uproject, uplugin, engine ini edits, for popular things, maybe also generic
- [ ] deal with skip_uproject_steps
- [ ] diff game and file list, and backup diff, so later on can cleanup game list and restore from backup
- [ ] make a list of things to test for, so no nee d to worry about 1 change breaking any features
- [ ] unit/project tests
- [ ] Close game hotkey
- [ ] Run script again hotkey
- [ ] Bring Unreal Engine to front hotkey
- [ ] Bring game to front hotkey
- [ ] Close all hotkey (game, engine, and instances of UAM)
- [ ] Engine pak making compression variants (different types, in one run), defaults to compressed currently
- [ ] Switch to `pathlib` from strings
- [ ] performance profiler
- [ ] multithreaded/processing command queues
- [ ] cli help replies and such are not colorized like the rest of the program
- [ ] more error handling and print outs
- [ ] clean up hook states and add any missing states
- [ ] non engine iostore
- [ ] generate uproject from win 64 exe
- [ ] reorganize queue


## Documentation:
- [ ] update documentation
- [ ] add bug reports section
- [ ] add contributions section
- [ ] add suggestions/feature requests section
- [ ] add socials section like discords
- [ ] documentation github pages styling
- [ ] update feature list in docs
- [ ] make a list of tested games that work


## Maybes:
- [ ] UE4SS Installer
- [ ] Loose File Loader Installer
- [ ] generate project files for uproject
- [ ] Mod Conflict Checker
- [ ] unpack/repack game/mods
- [ ] get game engine version command
- [ ] list game/mod contents

Commit message:

added descriptor file commands, and generic cleanup and gen file list commands

docs/to_do_list.md, after:

# UnrealAutoMod To-Do List


## Current To Do:
- [ ] non engine iostore
- [ ] deal with skip_uproject_steps
- [ ] clean up hook states and add any missing states
 

## To Do:
- [ ] diff game and file list, and backup diff, so later on can cleanup game list and restore from backup
- [ ] make a list of things to test for, so no nee d to worry about 1 change breaking any features
- [ ] unit/project tests
- [ ] more error handling and print outs
- [ ] Close game hotkey
- [ ] Run script again hotkey
- [ ] Bring Unreal Engine to front hotkey
- [ ] Bring game to front hotkey
- [ ] Close all hotkey (game, engine, and instances of UAM)
- [ ] generate uproject from win 64 exe
- [ ] Engine pak making compression variants (different types, in one run), defaults to compressed currently
- [ ] Switch to `pathlib` from strings
- [ ] performance profiler
- [ ] multithreaded/processing command queues
- [ ] cli help replies and such are not colorized like the rest of the program


## Documentation:
- [ ] update documentation
- [ ] add bug reports section
- [ ] add contributions section
- [ ] add suggestions/feature requests section
- [ ] add socials section like discords
- [ ] documentation github pages styling
- [ ] update feature list in docs
- [ ] make a list of tested games that work


## Events to look into
- [ ] move
- [ ] copy
- [ ] rename
- [ ] symlink
- [ ] delete
- [ ] zip
- [ ] unzip
- [ ] add to json
- [ ] remove from json
- [ ] add to ini
- [ ] remove from ini
- [ ] add to text file
- [ ] remove from text file
- [ ] git stuff
- [ ] gen engine stuff


## Maybes:
- [ ] UE4SS Installer
- [ ] Loose File Loader Installer
- [ ] generate project files for uproject
- [ ] Mod Conflict Checker
- [ ] unpack/repack game/mods
- [ ] get game engine version command
- [ ] list game/mod contents
- [ ] custom automation tool script
- [ ] generic json editor command
- [ ] uproject, uplugin, engine ini edits, for popular things, maybe also generic
